(Do Not Merge) New Cloudflare One reference architecture (#11330)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/reference-architecture/sase-reference-architecture.md

Each of these methods of connecting and routing traffic can be deployed concurrently from any location. The following diagram highlights how different connectivity methods can be used in a single architecture.

Note the following traffic flows:

- All traffic connected via a WARP Connector or device agent can communicate with each other over the mesh network
  - Developers working from home can communicate with the production and staging servers in the cloud
  - The employee in the retail location, as well as the developer at home, can receive VOIP calls on their laptop
- A HPC Cluster in AWS represents a proprietary solution in which no third-party software agents can be installed; as a result, it uses an IPsec connection to Magic WAN
- In the retail location, the Magic WAN Connector routes all traffic to Cloudflare via an IPsec tunnel
  - An employee’s laptop running the device agent creates its own secure connection to Cloudflare that is routed over the IPsec tunnel
- The application owner of the reporting system maintains a connection to Cloudflare using *cloudflared* and doesn’t require any networking help to expose their application to employees

> ![Methods of connecting and routing traffic to Cloudflare](/images/reference-architecture/cloudflare-one-reference-architecture-images/cf1-ref-arch-14.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Each method of connecting and routing traffic can be protected through various layers of security such as Cloudflare Network Interconnect, IPSEC tunnels, WARP connector and cloudflared.](/images/reference-architecture/cloudflare-one-reference-architecture-images/cf1-ref-arch-14.svg)
```

Multiple IdPs can be integrated, allowing organizations to apply policies to a wide range of both internal and external users. When a user attempts to access a Cloudflare secured application or service, they are redirected to authenticate via one of the integrated IdPs. When using the device agent, users must also authenticate to one of their organization’s configured IdPs.

> ![Users are presented with a list of integrated identity provider's before accessing protected applications.](/images/reference-architecture/cloudflare-one-reference-architecture-images/cf1-ref-arch-18.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Users are presented with a list of integrated identity providers before accessing protected applications.](/images/reference-architecture/cloudflare-one-reference-architecture-images/cf1-ref-arch-18.svg)
```
